in League of Legends atrox is the 114th
champion on today's episode of wall math
we'll be taking a look at his abilities
and the math behind them we'll be taking
a look at his stats in the next episode
let's take a look at eight Rock says
abilities now aatrox is passive ability
blood well has a 225 second cooldown if
atrox cast an ability which costs health
and blood well is not on cooldown the
blood well we'll store health equal to
the abilities cost times 0.7 when atrox
is health is brought below zero blood
well we'll activate and empty over the
course of three seconds aatrox will gain
health equal to 10.5 plus 15.75 times
atrox is level plus the blood wells
current health the maximum amount of
health HR can store in is blood well is
equal to 30 plus 8 rocks as level x 45
however if atrox has been out of combat
for five seconds the blood bowl will
lose health equal to this maximum health
time 0.03 per second finally aatrox will
gain one percent attack speed for every
two percent of the blood wells current
health when compared to the maximum
health dark flight has a cool-down equal
to 17 minus the abilities current level
it will cost health equal to eight Roxas
current health time 0.11 cast aatrox
will fly to an area within six hundred
and fifty units and deal physical damage
to all nearby enemies equal to 25 plus
the abilities current level x 45 plus
eight Roxas bonus attack damage x 0.6
the enemies closest to atrox when you
lands will also be knocked up for one
second blood thirst and blood price each
have a 0.5 second cooldown the two
abilities have toggle effects so only
one can be active at once when blood
thirst is active aatrox will heal
himself on every third auto attack for
value equal to 15 + abilities current
level times 5 plus 8 Roxas bonus attack
damage times 0.25 if atrox s current
health is less than half of this maximum
health the health restored will be x 3
when blood price is active aatrox will
deal bonus physical damage on every
third auto attack for value equal to 25
plus the abilities current level x 35 +
8 Roxas bonus attack damage blood prices
effect has a health cost equal to 6.25 +
utilities current level x 8.75 + 8 Roxas
bonus attack damage x 0.25 blades of
torment has a cool-down equal to 13
minus the abilities current level it
will cost health equal to 8 Roxas
current health time zero point 05 when
cast aatrox will do magic damage to all
enemies in a line up to a thousand units
and slow them for forty percent the
magic damage will be equal to 30 plus
abilities current level x 45 plus eight
Roxas ability power x 0.6 + 8 Roxas
bonus attack damage x 0.6 this slow
duration will be equal to 1.5 seconds
plus zero
25 seconds times the abilities current
level 8 roxas ultimate ability Massacre
has a cool-down equal to 100 15 minus
abilities current level x 15 when cast
aatrox will do a magic damage to all
nearby enemies equal to 100 plus
abilities current level x 100 + 8 Roxas
ability power aatrox will then have his
Auto attack range increase to 325 and
gain bonus attack speed equal to thirty
percent + abilities current level times
ten percent for 12 seconds overall atrox
his abilities grant him a large amount
of sustainability along with some very
high damage values make sure to LIKE
this video if you enjoyed it and
subscribe if you like to be informed
when ever release new videos click the
annotation on the screen if you'd like
to see the previous law math episode you
can also like lawl math on facebook
follow me on Twitter and join the
community on reddit thanks for watching
this episode alone